From:	Jay Colond
Sent:	Sunday, February 2, 2020 9:46 AM
To:	allison.cantwell@colostate.edu
Subject:	RE: 2012 Portrait of the Disengaged study

Good morning Professor Cantwell,

Please pardon the interruption; I feel bad about being a surprise service request.

I realize I didn’t give a lot of context to Professor Brint. In case it’s helpful background I can share a little 
information on our course. My professor is interested in replicability of quantitative methods and I 
believe is helping us get socialized into an ideal of community data. He’s also given us the opportunity to 
work in areas of interest for us, and I’m hoping that this might guide my use of UCUES/SERU data in my 
project.

I believe that I’ll be able to get access to the UCUES data. If you have time, I’d be grateful for your advice 
on where to obtain any other datasets you all used. If there’s any analysis code at all you would be in a 
position to share, I’d also be grateful. 

Sincerely,

Jay Colond

SNIP



 
From: Jay Colond <jcolond@ucmerced.edu> 
Sent: Saturday, February 1, 2020 5:02 PM 
To: Steven G Brint <steven.brint@ucr.edu> 
Subject: 2012 Portrait of the Disengaged study 
 
Good evening Professor Brint,
 
I'm a first-year sociology graduate student at the University of California - Merced. For class, our 
statistics professor has asked we interpret and build on existing quantitative studies in our areas of 
interest. I'm interested in characterizing the experience of undergraduates by Asian ethnicity.
 
Specifically, he's asked that we learn how to best replicate and modify analyses and code. (We're 
studying Stata, Jupyter, and potentially R).
 
In researching UCUES work, I read your Portrait of the Disengaged. I’m curious about how you used 
UCUES to operationalize student disengagement, technically. I realize it’s been a number of years, but 
might it be possible to get a copy of your analysis code and original data?
 
Sincerely,
 
Jay Colond
 
